Saheed Minar
Ariel view trees
University bus is approaching
A few motorbikes on campus roads
Mosque
SUST
The university bus is going
The central library
Sonali Bank at university center
Two students riding bicycle
A liberation war sculpture Chetona '71
Students walking along the walkway
An auto-rickshaw is moving along campus road
Raining in the campus premises
Students drenched in rain running for shelter
Students playing football in the field
Lilies in the lake
Campus buildings with wall paintings
Lake surrounded by greeneries
Green fields
Students at the campus premises
wall painting
Students playing football
Green fields and highlands
University housing
Students walking
Teacup
Raining on the campus
Green trees and fields
Ariel view campus
Green highlands
Students playing basketball
Campus at night